[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Trunks departed
for the future...
[TRUNKS] When
you break it down,
the androids from this time
may not be all that bad...
But the ones from my own
time are a different story.
My toughest battles
still lie ahead of me.
[TRUNKS]
Hey, mom...! I'm back!
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Peace for the Future!
The Spirit of
Goku is Forever!"
[NARRATOR] A full
month has come and gone
since the Cell Games,
and the world has lapsed
happily into a time of peace.
[CHICHI] Afternoon
snack-time, Gohan.
[CHICHI] Huh? And you've
taken off somewhere with dad.
[CHICHI] Seriously,
though: the window?
We have doors.
[sighs]
[CHICHI] The boy gets his
manners from his father.
[CHICHI]
When he gets back...
I'm gonna give him the
same scolding I'd give Goku.
[OX-KING]
Wheeewww...
He's gotta be around
here somewhere.
[OX-KING]
Ohhh...
[splash]
[GOHAN]
Grandpa...! Got one!
Say hi!
[OX-KING]
Well done, kiddo...!
Just like your old man...
The acorn doesn't fall all
that far from the tree, does it?
[BULMA] Oh!
Check it out!
He's taking his first steps!
[BULMA]
There you go...
You've got it...
[DR. BRIEFS] He'll be
ballroom dancing before long.
[BULMA'S MOM]
Lil' twinkle toes...
[DR. BRIEFS] Oh!
We've got a man down!
[DR. BRIEFS]
Oh! Ho ho ho ho!
[BULMA] If that pride
isn't his father's
I don't know
where it comes from.
[BULMA]
Alright, sweety.
You want to get
up by yourself?
Well go on, this
is your chance!
[DR. BRIEFS]
Opp! Oh ho ho ho!
[BULMA]
Greatest baby ever!
[BULMA'S MOM] Someone's
gonna be an athlete.
[DR. BRIEFS]
Or a scientist!
[drumroll]
[crowd cheering]
Hyaaaaaahhh!!
[EMCEE] Unbelievable!
A staggering grand total
of twenty stone tiles
stacked sky-high!
Impressive
[CROWD] Hercule!
Hercule! Hercule! Hercule!
[HERCULE]
Yaaaahh!!
[CROWD] Hercule!
Hercule! Hercule! Hercule!
[EMCEE]
Hercule, sir...
If memory
serves, with Cell,
you attempted fifteen
stone tiles in your efforts
to demoralize him and
yet left one unbroken...
[HERCULE] Take my
word for it, pal:
I ain't the same man...
Since that day I've
been training in secret.
[EMCEE]
Now that's dedication!
Your adoring public
expects no less!
[HERCULE]
I'll take that.
[HERCULE] Now listen up,
boys and girls...
Do not, I repeat:
do not... copy me.
[EMCEE] And there you have
it, ladies and gentlemen...
Concern...!
The man's reputation for
preserving public safty shines!
[HERCULE]
Ohhhhhh...!
Hi!! Yaaaaa!!
[EMCEE] Ooooh!
Once again a single
tile remains to taunt him!
Yet nineteen--an
unbelievable nineteen--
tiles have fallen before
Hercule's indomitable spirit!
Did we really
imagine anything less
from the man responsible
for crushing Cell?!
[GOKU]
I have to say...
That guy really knows how to
keep an audience on its toes.
[KING KAI]
Wherever you go,
there's always at
least one baked ham.
[GOKU] Yeah...
well... So be it.
He's not on my plate.
[KING KAI] Exactly right...
Oh, uh, by the way...
[GOKU] Hmm?
What's up?
[KING KAI]
Well, uh...
We still need a
place to stay...
Cause you blew
up my house.
[GOKU] Oh, right. I guess we'll
have to build something...
Okay, so...where do we
find a good carpenter?
[KING KAI]
Why, right here!
[GOKU] Bubbles
and Gregory?
[KING KAI]
I mean me!
And you're gonna
help me! Got it!
[GOKU] 'Kay...
You didn't have to shout.
[BUBBLES]
Oo oo oo oo!
[GOKU] That's a
nice idea n'all...
But... This is me
we're talking about...
I'm alot better at breaking
things than building them.
[KING KAI] I'm not expecting
a mansion... Oh, hey!
[KING KAI] Perfect...!
Goku, m'lad...
Feast your peepers!
[GOKU]
You think so?
[KING KAI]
Less talkie, more buildie.
C'mon put those
muscles to good use.
[BULMA]
Hold on... Huh...
You haven't gotten
taller, have you?
[TRUNKS] Yeah...
'fraid so...
See, I spent some time in
this room up at the Lookout
called the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber,
it lets you squeeze a whole
year's worth of training
into a single day...
It was pretty cool.
[BULMA] Sounds like
pretty high-tech stuff...
Anyway, what's more
important is that you made
it back home safe and sound...
So... How'd it go...?
Do I dare let that
smile make me optimistic?
[TRUNKS]
Sure.
[rattle]
[music]
[pouring sounds]
[BULMA]
Hmmmm...
And things
got pretty rough?
[TRUNKS]
Mmmhmm.
[BULMA]
Poor Goku...
I suppose there some things
time just won't let you alter.
But Gohan won and
everything turned out okay?
[TRUNKS]
Yea.
[TRUNKS] I also got to
fight alongside father.
[BULMA] And, what
was that like...?
[TRUNKS]
Intense...
But I think I actually
caught a glimpse
of that good side
you told me about...
Of course, it...
took getting blasted...
[VEGETA]
N-No...
Yaaaaaarrrgggh!
Yaaaaaaargh!
[TRUNKS] In his way, he was
telling me that he cared...
[BULMA]
Well of course...!
The man did have his moments.
[TRUNKS]
Yeah.
[BULMA]
Hmph.
If Vegeta can be provoked
into showing compassion,
there might just be
hope for the world yet.
[RADIO MAN] We interrupt
this broadcast to bring you
an important news bulletin.
Androids Seventeen and
Eighteen are confirmed
attacking Parsley City
at Marker Forty-Nine.
Anyone near the area is advised
to take cover immediately.
[TRUNKS] I've had enough
of this! Their time's up!
[BULMA]
Trunks, please...
[TRUNKS]
It's all right, mom...
This is the whole reason I went
back in time in the first place.
[TRUNKS] If I can't
avenge Gohan and the others,
there's no point
for me to fight!
[TRUNKS] This isn't just about
correcting the past anymore.
[BULMA] Please promise
me you'll be careful...!
Don't get in
over your head!
[explosions]
[A18]
Hmph! Take that lame-o's!
[A17] Heh...
You're such a child...
All this over losing
some stupid video game?
[A18] If you were smart you
would mind your own business!
[A17]
Who's there?!
Oh it's you.
[TRUNKS] Say goodbye...
Both of you...
This all ends now...
That's a promise.
[A17] I'm surprised
to see you 'round...
But then again,
no one bangs their head
against the same rock
quite like you do.
[A18] Hey!
Seventeen...
You don't mind if
I take him out, right...?
I need to blow off some steam.
[A18] I'm in a
very bad mood.
[A17] You don't mind having
one less plaything...?
Whatever you want. No use
me getting in the way.
[A18] This is going
to be a lot more fun
than that cheesy video game.
[explosion]
[A18]
Huh?
[A17]
Behind you!
[A18]
You jerk!
Now I'm pissed!
[A18] Ugh...!
You are going to pay!
[A17] Wow, you've
gotten better.
Eighteen's actually
about to flip her lid.
[TRUNKS] In the past
I traveled to neither one
of you was so bad.
But in this time,
you're monsters...
Here, you just destroy whatever
and whoever you feel like
with no one around strong
enough to reign you in.
[TRUNKS] That's
finished as of now.
[A17] Did they give you a
sense of humor in the past?
[A18] Oh, blah blah blah...
Let's take him down!
[explosion]
[A17] No...
Impossible!
[A17] There... There's
no way someone like you
could be powerful enough...!
[TRUNKS] That one
was for my friends.
[TRUNKS]
This one's for me...
And my teacher Gohan!
[explosion]
[TRUNKS] There's
still one monster left.
[NARRATOR] And so,
time marched on.
With the threat of the
Androids finally lifted,
a sense of hope has returned to
the remaining citizens
of Earth.
Slowly but surely, the world
has started to rebuild...
And back at
Capsule Corporation,
the time machine is
at last fully recharged,
ready for one final
round-trip into the past...
[TRUNKS] Well, I'm
off to tell the guys
Seventeen and Eighteen are
no longer a problem here.
[BULMA] Alright, then...
Just be careful...
And tell them I said hi.
[TRUNKS]
Done. Goodbye.
[TRUNKS] Mom,
get inside. Now.
[BULMA]
Huh? Ahhh...
Do you have a
girlfriend...?
Little, rascal...
Where on Earth do you
find the time? Heh heh heh...
[TRUNKS] I know
you're there, Cell.
[CELL]
Huh?
[TRUNKS]
I'm on to you...
You intend to steal
the time machine...
revert to an egg...
travel back into the past...
assimilate the androids...
and achieve perfect form.
[CELL] You... You
cannot possibly know...
[TRUNKS] Hate to say it,
but... your plan...?
It's already failed.
[CELL] My plan has
"failed," you say...?
Ah... No doubt because
of you, I'm assuming...
[TRUNKS] Listen... I'm not
going to mince words here.
In perfect form you're
a monster, naturally...
But, as things are now,
I could take you without
breaking a sweat.
[CELL]
Of course...!
You've already
traveled into the past...!
Ha...! Clever... That
explains why you're so informed.
[CELL]
Even so...
I think you're giving
yourself a bit too much credit.
[CELL]
Trust me...
My robot spies are very good
at reconnaissance, my friend...
I've got your number...
Your stats, your style;
what's you're into...
what's you're not...
[TRUNKS] Then...your
robot spies must've told you
how the other
Androids disappeared?
[CELL]
So that's it...
You were the one responsible
for that... you little...!
[CELL] All the more reason
not to let you run loose...
Make no mistake, I do intend
to steal the time machine...
And when I find the
Androids I shall devour them!
[TRUNKS] I'm not going to
fight you within city limits...
The reconstruction is too
far along to risk that...
I vote the two
of us relocate.
[CELL] Well,
look at you...
You have improved
considerably...
But you're in for
a rude awakening
if you think
that'll be enough.
[CELL] After all I am
the ultimate life form...!
Dr. Gero's
dream realized...!
All who oppose me will simply
be absorbed into my being!
[TRUNKS]
Well, we'll see.
Give up, Cell...
You're not going
into the past!
[CELL]
Enough!
Whoa!
[CELL] Wha... What
just happened...?
I don't understand...
It shouldn't be this easy
for him to fend me off...!
I'm far too powerful
to lose to a kid!
[TRUNKS] Cell...
It's all over...
At long last...
with you gone for good,
the Earth is finally safe.
[TRUNKS]
Aaaahh!
[CELL]
Aaaugh!!
Why you little...
Let's see if you can
deal with this maneuver!
Ka... me...
Ha... me...
Huh?!
[TRUNKS] Say hello
to your doom, Cell!
[CELL]
No, it can't be...!
Aaaaagh!
[TRUNKS] It's over.
It's finally over...
Thank you, my friends...
And most of all,
thank you, Goku.
[KING KAI]
It's finished!
[GOKU] Wow!
King Kai, nice work.
[KING KAI]
Mhmmm.
[crash]
[GOKU]
Sorry...!
Don't know my own
strength... Um, yeah...
[sighs]
[KING KAI]
Well...
So much for ruggedness and
the sweat of one's brow.
[GOKU] Aw,
come on...!
Hey... It's
not so bad...
I mean, surely you weren't
planning to settle down
here once and
for all, am I right?
[GOKU]
I know...!
Let's find those fighting
masters you told me about.
[KING KAI] Uh... Now may
not be the right time...
[GOKU]
King Kai...!
You promised me we'd try
to find them at some point,
and now's as good a time as
any as far as I can see...!
Or maybe you just don't
know where to look...
[KING KAI] Hey...!
I know exactly where...!
It's just... you're...
[GOKU] Then let's
get a move on!
It's not like the Masters of
Other World are looking for us.
[NARRATOR] Goku's adventures
continued, of course...
But the tales of those
exploits will have
to be saved for
another time...
Until then, may the
road rise to meet you.
Just, not Snake Way...
♪ ending music ♪